# PANDAS-Challenge
GT pandas homework
At the broadest view of the data, the district summary and school summary are presenting passing averages for both math and reading score. However, it is more important to compare the top performing schools and the worst performing schools to hopefully identify the gaps in performance. The school type and the school size have a bigger impact on student performance than factors like school budget in accordance with this data. 
	From the scores, the top performing schools are consistently the charter schools while the worst performing schools are consistently the district schools. The average math and reading scores for the charter schools are 83.47 and 83.90 with passing rates at 93.62% and 96.59% respectively. The district schools have lower average math score (76.96) and reading scores (80.97). The passing rates are also lower at 66.55% and 80.80% respectively. A larger gap is observable at the overall passing percentage where the charter school has a passing rate of 90.43% whereas the passing rate for district is at 53.67%. 
	The small (<1000) and medium (1000-2000) school sizes have close average math scores (83.82 vs 83.37), average reading scores (83.93 vs 83.86), math passing rate (93.55% vs 93.60%), reading passing rate (96.10% vs 96.79%), and overall passing rate (89.88% vs 90.62%) respectively. When compared to the large (2000-5000) schools, the gaps are more apparent. The average math scores (77.75), average reading scores (81.34), math passing rate (69.96%) reading passing rate (82.77%) and overall passing rate (58.29%) are all consistently lower compared to the small and medium schools. The top charter schools have a smaller student population ranging from the smallest at 962 in Pena High School to the largest at 2283 in Wilson High School. Whereas the worst district schools have larger student population ranging from smallest at 2917 in Huang High School to the largest at 4761 in Johnson High School. 
	According to this data, the amount of money spent per-student is not a determiner of performance. This observation is supported by the comparing the scores to the spending per-student. The lowest per-student budget (<$585) have the highest average math score (83.46), highest average reading score (83.93), highest math passing rate (93.46%), highest reading passing rate (96.46%), and the highest overall passing rate (90.37%). The largest spending range of $645 – 680 per-student have students with the lowest average math score (77.00), lowest average reading score (81.03), lowest math passing rate (66.16%), lowest reading passing rate (81.13%), and the lowest overall passing rate (53.53%). The charter school budget ranging from $585,858.00 at Pena High School to $ 1,319,574.00 at Wilson High School. The district school budget by comparison is larger ranging from $1,884,411 at Figueroa High School to $3,094,650 at Johnson High School. The larger budget and larger student population should yield similar per-student budget. However, when looking at the per-student budget, the district school per-student budget is larger ranging from smallest at $639 per-student in Figueroa High School to largest at $655 at Huang High School. The charter school per-student budget ranging from smallest at $578 per-student in Wilson High School to largest at $638 per-student in Thomas High School. The largest charter school per-student budget is less than the smallest per-student budget of the district schools, yet the charter school consistently outperform the better funded district schools. 
